GetObject Flow Documentation (#402)
awslabs/aws-c-s3: README.md

## AWS C S3

The AWS-C-S3 library is an asynchronous AWS S3 client focused on maximizing throughput and network utilization.

### Key features:

> - **Automatic Request Splitting**: Improves throughput by automatically splitting the request into part-sized chunks and performing parallel uploads/downloads of these chunks over multiple connections.

Reviewer: explaining why parallel connections are faster. Reader might naively assume a 100Gbps machine gets 100Gbps from 1 network connection

```suggestion
- **Automatic Request Splitting**: Improves throughput by automatically splitting the request into part-sized chunks and performing parallel uploads/downloads of these chunks over multiple connections. There's a cap on the throughput of single S3 connection, the only way to go faster is multiple parallel connections.
```

> - **Enhanced Transfer Reliability**: Increases resilience against network failures by retrying individual failed chunks of a file transfer, eliminating the need to restart transfers from scratch.

Reviewer: The other bullet points are: **what we do**
but this one is: **why we do it**
```suggestion
- **Automatic Retries**: Increases resilience by retrying individual failed chunks of a file transfer, eliminating the need to restart transfers from scratch after an intermittent error.
```

> - **DNS Load Balancing**: DNS continuously harvests Amazon S3 IP addresses to distribute connections across the fleet, significantly boosting throughput and enhancing overall transfer efficiency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **DNS Load Balancing**: DNS resolver continuously harvests Amazon S3 IP addresses to distribute connections across the fleet, significantly boosting throughput and enhancing overall transfer efficiency.
```

> - **Advanced Network Management**: The client incorporates automatic request parallelization, effective timeouts and retries, and efficient connection reuse. This approach helps to maximize throughput and network utilization, and to avoid network overloads.

Reviewer: Everything in this bullet point is covered by other bullet points

Reviewer: actually, it's fine

- **Thread Pools and Async I/O**: Avoids bottlenecks associated with single-thread processing.

> - **Parallel Reads**: Supports parallel file reads from disk when uploading a file to S3.

Reviewer: again, explaining why, since it's not obvious that parallel reads would be faster
```suggestion
- **Parallel Reads**: When uploading a large file from disk, reads from multiple parts of the file in parallel. This is faster than reading the file sequentially from beginning to end.
```
